This directory hold scripts geenrated during my expriments with NEO4J imports.  There are 2 ways to import in neo4j (a) neo4j shell, (b) command line import tool.  Neo4j shell is slow, but easy to use.  Command line tool requires extensive formatting to input files, but is much faster.  It's also much easier to ingest the predicate distributions 

Most of the work in here is forward looking toward the eventual "evidence" endpoint for the GNBR API.  This endpoint will return sentences and predicate distributions for a given entity pair.  The problem we have now is that neo4j shell is way too slow to support loading all the sentences and dependecy graph connections before the heat death of the universe -- so we need to run import shell.

Files for import must meet a couple of important requirements.  
(1) Headers must be properly formatted. https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/tools/import/file-header-format/

(2) The entries in the ID column must be unique.  Duplicate entries either (a) rasie exception or (b) cause the memory to blow up during import if ignore duplicates flag is on. 

(3) Each set of entities and relations must have it's own file (e.g concepts, statements (collapsed data), evidence (sentences/distros)).  This pretty much follows from (2).

Anyways, the files in here are basically (a) downloading data and cleaning data (not as well as Adam's shell scripts), and (b) writing part-ii files to entities, in_sentence, sentence, and has_path files (with uniqueness contraints).  The "statements" file is generated by Adam's collapeDevPath script.
